{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang16393                  \fs40              \ul SOFTWARE REQUIREMENT \par
\ulnone\b0                                  \ul\b SPECIFICATION\par
\ulnone\b0\fs28\lang9                                                                 FOR\par
\fs40                         \ul\b CAB SERVICE MANAGEMENT\par
\par
\ulnone                                  \ul Introduction\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\ulnone\b0\fs28 1.1 \ul\b\fs40 Purpose of this Document\par
\ulnone\b0\fs28 The purpose of this document is that it will provide a detailed description about the CAB MANAGEMENT SYSTEM.it will explain its purpose ,specifications,design and implementation informations.\par
1.2 \ul\b Acronyms and Abbrevation\par
\ulnone\b0      db = data base\par
1.3 \ul\b Scope\par
\ulnone\b0 Taxi cabs play an important role in sustainable transportation.The goal of the project If we are travelling in a new place or in emergency situations,Cab services will help you to reach your destination safely and on time.Reasonable price and 24/7 service also make cab service peoples favourite.\ul\b\fs40\par
\fs28\par
\par
Overview\par
\ulnone\b0 Now a days people choose to travel via pre-booked cabs rather than catching a running taxi service.The approach in which drivers and customers are available on a single platform is  knows and cab service management system.This cab service management system  provides cab services online, and we find that booking a cab online at any time is more convenient.we can access its services through internet allows us to track our journeys or positions.\par
The system starts with entering details of driver and the passengers have to register with by entering  full name,mail id ,phone number and password.\par
Also the features like searching,online payment,cancellation of cab are also added.\par
\ul\b\par
\fs40\par
\fs36 Actors\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\ulnone\fs28 Admin\b0  : To Manage car,booking,manage insurance,manage customer,payment,manage branches center etc.....\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b User/Customer Entity \b0 :\fs22  \fs28 For Service Request,view invoice,make payment...\fs22\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\fs28 Driver\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\ul\fs36 Functionalities\ulnone\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0 L\fs28 ogin and signup\fs36\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs28 Date Scheduling\fs36\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs28 Passenger profile\fs36\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs28 Cab master\fs36\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs28 Cab search for nearest cab\fs36\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs28 Route Tracking facility\fs36\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs28 Booking Confirmation by Sms or email\fs36\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs28 Payment(prepaid or postpaid)\fs36\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs28 Instant E-Receipt through mobile application\fs36\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs28 Cancellation\fs36\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs28 Feedback\fs36\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs28\par
\ul\b\fs40 Requirements\par
\ulnone\b0         \ul User\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\ulnone\b\fs28 User Registration \b0 : The user must be registered before booking the cab.proper validation should be provided to keep only authenticated users.All the data  supplied by the user will be stored in database and it will be used for further validation and authentication.to login user have to give user name ,mobile number and password.login  names and passwords will be stored in the database so that the user can directly login without registering again and again.\fs36\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs28             Username: full name needed.\par
            Password: strong password with minimum 8 charecters including          \par
            uppercase ,lower case,numbers and special characters. \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj  \b Login \b0 :\fs22  \fs28 In this the customer has to give out the login details which are username,password and then only he can be logged on.The user id and password given by the customer are checked from the data stored in the database.\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs28             Usename: consist of maximum 15 letters .\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs28 Cab Scheduling\b0 : User must also be provided a feature to schedule the journey for a later date by using a pop-up box where they can select the appropriate date and time.\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs28             Date : Enter date in format of DD/MM/YY\par
            Time: 24 hrs Format\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs28 Cab Search\b0 : User can search cab for particular location.user only need to enter source,destination and the place which he want to go(search menu for pick-up and drop locations).\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs28              Destination place: it must contain a landmark along  with pin     number.\par
               Date : Enter date in format of DD/MM/YY\par
\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs28 Booking \b0 : It is a User-Friendly booking procedure with list of cabs.After validating the entered information and getting approval from the credit card authorisation.the user get a notification of successful registration.(clicking booking button)\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs28              price details : Based on the distance travelled. \fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs28 Route Tracking Facility : \b0 GPS detection of the current location .also it should have a map where users can view their location and their cab.\b\fs22\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs28 Ride Evaluation:\b0 After completing the ride ,it allows the user with a screen showing the distance travelled and total cost.\b\fs22\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs28 Cancel Ride :\b0 Which allows the user to cancel the booked ride before the driver arrives at the pick-up spot.\b\fs22\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0\fs28 Payment: with different payment methods such as credit/debit card payments and UPI payments.\b\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj                \b0\fs28 credit/debit card payments : Here user need to enter name and card             details.\par
             UPI payments : Here user need to enter UPI id.\b\fs22\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs28 Feedback : \b0 The user should prompt for the user to provide a rating for the ride experience to the driver.\b\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0\par
\ul\b\fs28 Admin\par
\ulnone\b0 In this process administrator will upload the availability of cab information in the database.it includes place,services,and cost of the available cab.Cab availability will be viewed by  the customer after he has logged on to the site.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Admin panel act as the Control unit of entire system.      \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Admin can manage both user and driver page.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}In home screen of admin page there is  a map displaying driver whereabouts,a graph which shows trips,farespayments,cancelled projects...\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Admin can manage password reset option by sending OTP to their phone.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Can estimate charge for the journey according to the distance.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Can display all the details related to cab.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Can monitor about cab services.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj          \ul\b Cab Driver\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\ulnone\b0 The driver need to register by entering details such as username,mail id,phone number and role.        \fs36\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs28             Username: Full name needed. consist of maximum 15 ketters.\par
            Password: Strong password with minimum 8 charecters including          \par
            uppercase ,lower case,numbers and special characters.\par
              Email id: Valid email id at format of @gmail.com.\par
             Phone number: it must contain only 10 digits.it is verified by sending     \par
              OTP.The user need to enter the correct OTP within 2    minutes ,otherwise it shows invalid OTP.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Role: The Driver can choose driver option.The Driver option should be display more column which contain licence and vehicle number.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj             Licence number:It is in format of YYYY ,4 digit year of issue followed \par
             by 7 numbers.    \par
            Vehicle number: It must be a 8-10 digit code.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj  \b Login \b0 :\fs22  \fs28 In this the driver has to give out the login details which are username,password and then only he can be logged on.The user id and password given by the customer are checked from the data stored in the database.    \fs36\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs28             Username: Full name needed. consist of maximum 15 ketters.\par
            Password: Strong password with minimum 8 charecters including          \par
            uppercase ,lower case,numbers and special characters\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs28 Password Reset\b0 : The Password can be reset by sending an OTP to the preffered number by clicking the forget password option.          \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Depending on their availability,driver can set their status online or offline\par
}
 